docs - update full-app embedding (#25426)
metabase/metabase: docs/embedding/signed-embedding.md

## Regenerating the secret key

> Your embedding secret key is used to sign JWTs for all of your [embedding URLs](#adding-the-embedding-url-to-your-website). You can find it under **Admin settings** > **Embedding**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Your embedding secret key is used to sign JWTs for all of your [embedding URLs](#adding-the-embedding-url-to-your-website). You can find your embedding secret key by clicking on the **gear** icon in the upper right and navigating to **Admin settings** > **Settings** > **Embedding**.
```
